docs: add AWS DMS to replication instructions (#40859)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/database/replication/manual-replication-setup.mdx

sidebar_label: 'Setting up'
---

> This guide covers setting up **manual logical replication** using external tools. If you prefer a simpler, managed solution, see [Replication](/docs/guides/database/replication/replication-setup) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers setting up **manual logical replication** using external tools. If you prefer a simpler, managed solution, read [the Replication setup docs](/docs/guides/database/replication/replication-setup) instead.
```
